You're worthless to me Lois, sign this and see the hell out of my life, and don't ever come back to this house. My house!
Gladly, you heartless bastard.
Marrying you was the worst decision of my life. You should have stayed with my ex.
Who Lois?
Clark, please.
You're just a nobody, and he's a Hollywood superstar now. He doesn't want you.
That's a good girl.
Don't worry. We'll make sure to save you a proper seat at our wedding.
You know what? I hope you both brought him home.
Yeah, she's getting a divorce.
Let's scumbag cheated on her.
She's our friend, Barney.
Let her stay until my place is ready.
Understand.
Barney's been a good friend, even after I broke up with Clark. He'll let me stay.
Oh my God, Lois, what happened?
It's Jim. He cheated, and he kicked me out, and Barney, I don't have anywhere else to go.
Can he please stay with you tonight? Look, I promise. I promise I'll find somewhere else to stay tomorrow.
Of course. Come on in.
Take as long as you need.
Jim wasn't husband material. I'm so glad you're done with him.
How's our A-lister doing?
You miss him?
No. No. I'm just curious. I mean...
Actually, Lois, he's...
His boyfriend? He's here?